samples: matter: lock NUS: EOL agnostic commands (#12862)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Matter samples
--------------

* :ref:`matter_lock_sample` sample:

>   * Fixed an issue that prevented nRF Toolbox for iOS in version 5.0.9
>     from controlling the sample using NUS (Nordic UART Service).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fixed an issue that prevented nRF Toolbox for iOS in version 5.0.9 from controlling the sample using :ref:`nus_service_readme`.
```
One line, and might as well link to NUS when we mention it here.

Author: Done.
